Make docs more LLM friendly (#29566)
dagster-io/dagster: docs/docs/dagster-plus/features/authentication-and-access-control/scim/okta-scim.md

---

> description: Configure Okta SCIM provisioning for Dagster+ to automate user and group

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Configure SCIM provisioning in Dagster+ to sync user information between Okta and your Dagster+ deployment.
```

>   management, enabling seamless synchronization of identity attributes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
